Patch 398 (#420)
aquasecurity/cloud-security-remediation-guides: en/aws/ec2/open-smbotcp.md

| **Recommended Action** | Restrict TCP port 445 to known IP addresses |

## Detailed Remediation Steps
1. Log in to the AWS Management Console.
2. Select the "Services" option and search for EC2. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-smbotcp/step2.png"/>
3. Scroll down the left navigation panel and choose "Security Group" under "Network & Security".</br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-smbotcp/step3.png"/>
4. Select the "EC2 Security Group" that needs to be verified. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-smbotcp/step4.png"/>
5. Scroll down the bottom panel and choose "Inbound rules". Verify the value for "Source" column for "SMB" under "Type" for port "445" for "Windows SMB" and if any rule have value set to "0.0.0.0/0" or "::/0 " then the selected "Security Group" has "TCP" port for "SMBoTCP" open to the public.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-smbotcp/step5.png"/>

> 6. Repeat steps number 2 - 5 to verify other "Security Groups" in the selected AWS region.</br> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Repeat step number 2 - 5 to verify other "Security Groups" in the selected AWS region.</br> 
```

8. Scroll down the page and select the "Inbound rules" and click on the "Edit Inbound rules" button to the right. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-smbotcp/step8.png"/>
9. In the "Edit inbound rules" tab select either the "MyIP" or "Custom" from the "Source" column.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-smbotcp/step9.png"/>
10. In the "Edit inbound rules" tab select the "MyIP" from the "Source" column to allow "Windows SMB" over TCP inbound traffic only from your IP address.</br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-smbotcp/step10.png"/>
11. In the "Edit inbound rules" tab select the "Custom" from the "Source" column as per the requirements for "SMBoTCP" and specify static IP/Elastic IP address along with "Description" for the "Security Group" rule. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-smbotcp/step11.png"/>
12. Click on the "Save rules" button to make the necessary changes. </br> <img src="/resources/aws/ec2/open-smbotcp/step12.png"/>

> 13. Repeat steps number 7 - 12 to restrict TCP port 445 for "Windows SMB" over TCP to known IP address.</br>
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. Repeat step number 7 - 12 to restrict TCP port 445 for "Windows SMB" over TCP to known IP address.
```
